Add contributing guidelines and WIP style guide (#176)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: contributing/style-guide.md

# Pinot documentation style guide

The guidelines below are specific to Apache Pinot's documentation. 
 

>  For general style questions or guidance on tpics not covered here, see the [Google style guide](https://developers.google.com/style) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For general style questions or guidance on topics not covered here, see the [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style) 
```

## Star-tree index

> When describing the index type, use star-tree (adjective) or star tree (noun). StarTree refers to the company only. 

Reviewer: curious is star tree noun a thing? if we haven't run into a specific use case, maybe best not to encourage/address this usage

Author: I have but only in one spot: https://docs.pinot.apache.org/basics/indexing/star-tree-index#definitions (first sentence here)

What do you think?

Reviewer: Maybe 
The star-tree index stores data in a structure that consists of the following properties:

(and then under the graphic)
Star-tree index structure

Author: updated!
